Question from user Ngoc Oanh: "Hello, Auntie.
I have a question I'd like you to answer.
I'm from Hai Phong and today I went to
Ba Vang Pagoda for the New Year's ceremony.
I saw a lot of buses and the
security guards were working very hard.
I want to know what kind of
merit these security guards accumulate. Protecting
other people's property
helps to preserve one's own property and eliminate negative
karma from past lives of theft and robbery.
The karma from these thefts and robberies, which would have resulted in losses in this life, is
gradually reduced through accumulated merit. Some
security guards, with their virtuous hearts, protect the
Three Jewels (Buddha, Dharma, Sangha),
ensure the safety of people going to the pagoda,
protect their lives and property, and
manage
traffic flow. Therefore, they eliminate
a lot of negative karma. If their hearts are filled with
enthusiasm and dedication to
protecting the Three Jewels, anything they contribute to the Three Jewels is
considered an offering. All
Buddhist followers who come to worship Buddha, even one ceremony, accumulates
merit and can transform a person into a greater being."  The skillful practice
of those who protect others allows
them to distance themselves from evil people,
associate with good people, and avoid evil
deeds, thus generating good deeds. That's what it means to be a good
protector, right? And wherever they go,
they meet good people who guide
them. When they encounter difficulties and misfortunes in life, they immediately find help to find a
way out. It's not just about protecting at the temple
; protecting anywhere with responsibility
brings blessings, but loyalty is essential.
If you're not loyal, you'll
become a thief. But protection
brings blessings from loyalty. Loyalty to the
Three Jewels brings immeasurable
blessings, while loyalty
to those who steal
leads to
very heavy karmic consequences. Here, being
loyal to those who do good deeds
increases one's blessings.
If you intend to do a good deed, there
will be people to help and protect
you so that your good deed
succeeds. So, dear Buddhists, do you see how
great the blessings are for these protectors? They receive
immense blessings.  As Buddhists, when we go to the temple,
we should also be conscious of protecting the Three Jewels.
For example, if we see
someone breaking flowers, leaves, or branches, we should
remind them not to do that so
that the temple remains beautiful and solemn.
We should also do other tasks related to protection. If we have the opportunity to participate, reminding
others increases our merit.
Yes,
[music]
Oh